Update setting_up_git.md (#26022)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/installations/setting_up_git.md

cat ~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub
~~~

> **NOTE:** For a legacy system use the following command propmt in the git bash to copy your public SSH key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** For a legacy system, use the following command prompt in the git bash to copy your public SSH key.
```

~~~bash
cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
~~~

Highlight and copy the output, which starts with `ssh-ed25519` and ends with your email address.
Highlight and copy the output, which starts with `ssh-rsa` and ends with your email address for legacy users.

> Now, go back to GitHub in your browser window and paste the key you copied into the key field. Keep the key type as `Authentication Key` and then, click `Add SSH key`. You're done! You've successfully added your SSH key!

Reviewer: [Proofreading/nitpick] The ending of this paragraph seems repetitive, so check out my suggestion below to see how you can improve it. 
```suggestion
Now, go back to GitHub in your browser window and paste the key you copied into the key field. Keep the key type as `Authentication Key` and then, click `Add SSH key`. Congrats, you've successfully added your SSH key!
```

Author: Thank you for helping me with the pull request, since I'm new here, your help means a lot.
